Refresh campaigns goals (#2619)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/campaigns/goals.md

<img src="./roadmap-updated-2021-02-12.png" alt="Campaigns short term roadmap updated 2021-02-12" />

*Updated 2021-02-12*

# How we built those goals and milestones
We generally think about campaigns features in terms of 4 themes:

> - expand the realm where campaigns can run
> - create many changesets easily
> - manage and track many changesets easily
> - get changesets merged faster

Reviewer: At least as we've talked about these in the past, we usually combined "manage" and "merge" as one item, and included as a fourth item "performance and robustness", so something like:

```suggestion
1. create many changesets easily
1. track, manage, and merge many changesets easily
1. expand the realm where campaigns can run
1. keep campaigns robust and performant
```
